at least seven Palestinians have been
killed in a coordinated series of raids
and Strikes carried out by Israeli
forces in the occupied West Bank that
according to the red crescent the
Israeli Army says the operations carried
out in four cities were designed to
quote thwart terrorism in Janine and
tarm in the northern West
Bank let's get the latest on this from
DW's Felix TSA joining us live from
Jerusalem uh tell us more about what we
can say so far about these Israeli raids
in the occupied West
Bank well as you said the Israeli Army
says uh it's uh active in the northern
part of the West Bank to uh quote thwart
uh terrorist activities um at the same
time it's been active in the West Bank
for quite a while virtually since the
7th of October um saying that there's a
rise in Terrorist activity um several
Palestinians have been killed um and uh
this operation um seem will will go on
in the uh in the coming days um and uh
it remains to be seen uh what sort of
scale the Israel army plans for this
sort of operation um and as you said
it's also significant due to the fact
that it combines Air Raids and um and
foots on the ground which hasn't been
the case uh I would say before or the
7th of October so it remain remains to
be seen how the situation develops as
you say we have seen operations of this
kind since October 7th what do you think
is behind the timing of what we've seen
overnight well the while there is there
aren't any indications from the Israeli
Army about the particular timing um the
Israeli authorities have been reporting
a rise in activities among uh um among
militant groups uh in general uh not
only in the West Bank but also in the
best bank um also due to the tensions
withb and Iran um and uh it remains to
be seen how large this operation will
become in the coming days um so that um
given the tensions that remain and the
uh negotiations for a ceasefire in Gaza
Felix stay with us for just a moment I'd
like to ask you about some other news uh
Israel's military has freed a hostage
who has been held in the Gaza Strip by
Hamas since last October Ked Farhan
aladi he was found alone in a tunnel in
southern Gaza Hamas of course thought to
still be holding around 110 hostages and
about a third of those believed to be
dead aladi is the first hostage to be
rescued alive underground let's take a
look free after 326 days in
captivity the Israeli military released
this footage of soldiers bringing Ked
fahan aladi back to Israel his first
stop a hospital in the southern city of
biva for a checkup doctors say he's in
reasonably good health considering the
circumstances he arrived at our
emergency department is has underwent
initial medical
evaluation appears to be in good
condition but anyone who was in Tunnels
for such an extended period of time is
prone to significant medical problems
aladi was working as a security guard on
the border with Gaza when he was
abducted by Hamas during the October 7
attacks the militant group captured some
250 people in total aladi was one of
eight members of Israel's bedan Arab
minority that were taken his family were
waiting at the hospital when he arrived
his brother overcome with
joy we are happy all the world is happy
every W thank God who brought us good
news today after almost 11 months in a
way we could not imagine or dream
[Music]
of meanwhile since October 7th the
situation in the Gaza Strip has become
more and more dire by the
day the UN says there's a severe food
shortage and has highlighted the risk of
a polio
outbreak and the number of Civilian dead
in Israel's campaign to destroy Hamas
continues to grow the territory's Hamas
run Health Ministry says well over
40,000 people have now been killed by
Israel's offensive a number that
combines militant and civilian deaths
the ministry says on Tuesday alone
Israeli air strikes killed at least 18
people across the strip eight of them
children let's get back across to DW's
Felix tempit in Jerusalem Felix how are
families of other hostages reacting to
this
news well there's certainly a sense of
joy and happiness here in Israel not
only when it comes to hostage families
but generally uh in the general
population uh the uh headquarters of the
hostage families have released a
statement saying uh that while they're
very happy to hear that a hostage has
been freed um that this cannot be uh uh
this cannot be applied to the other 108
hostages currently uh still being held
in Gaza and that a hostage deal is still
the best way to go in terms of bringing
them home um the negotiations are taking
place uh but at the same time it seems
like uh the the the negotiations for C
fire and a hostage deal uh are not
likely uh to uh provide a breakthrough
anytime soon uh mostly due to the issue
of the so-called Philadelphia Corridor
and the U the Border area between the
Gaza strep and Egypt uh which Israel
refuses to give up on in terms of uh
Soldier presence uh so it remains to be
seen how this develops in the coming
days and we will of course have coverage
for you of those developments in the
days ahead thank you so much that is
DW's Felix temper in Jerusalem